all: add support for `const` ident in `match` range (#16526)
vlang/v: CHANGELOG.md

- `go foo()` has been replaced with `spawn foo()` (launches an OS thread, `go` will be used for
  upcoming coroutines instead).

> - vfmt now supports `// vfmt off` and `// vfmt on` for turning off the formatting locally for *short* snippets of code. Useful for keeping your carefully arranged matrices in tact.

Reviewer: I know this isn't part of your stuff, but it would be nice to fix it while you're adding to the file anyway...
```suggestion
- vfmt now supports `// vfmt off` and `// vfmt on` for turning off the formatting locally for *short* snippets of code. Useful for keeping your carefully arranged matrices intact.
```

Reviewer 2: ok

Reviewer 2: done in 69f90b6
